[ActionMenu] Toggle activeMenuGroup when clicking secondary action trigger (#1905)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed not being able to close popover in secondary actions by clicking trigger [#1905](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1905)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the activator buttons of `Page` `actionGroups` not toggling the `Popover` `active` state on click [#1905](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1905)
```
